Update braze-cohort.md (#346)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/destinations/braze-cohort.md

2. Click on **Create Segment** and name your Segment.
3. Under Add Filter, select **Amplitude Cohorts** and choose the cohort you created and synced from Amplitude.
4. When saved, you can reference this segment during Canvas or campaign creation in the targeting users step.

> ### Frequently asked questions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Frequently asked questions
```

> ??? note "Why can't I see the list of users in Braze?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Why can't I see the list of users in Braze?
```

>     One common issue is that the users in the Amplitude cohort may not exist in Braze. When you sync to Braze, new users will not be created if they do not already exist in Braze. Therefore, it's important to ensure that all the users in your Amplitude cohort have a matching User ID value in Braze.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you sync a cohort, Braze matches users in that cohort with users that already exist in Braze, and doesn't create new users. Make sure users in your Amplitude cohort have a matching user (`userId`) in Braze.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
